README.md, before:

# RaytracaH

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/rafalnowak/RaytracaH.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/rafalnowak/RaytracaH) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rafalnowak/RaytracaH.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rafalnowak/RaytracaH)

RaytracaH is ray tracer written in Haskell using functional approach.
Current version is in very early stage and more features are to come soon.

# Features

- Ray tracing scene with simple shapes (for now only sphere and plane are implemented)
- Different types of lights on the scene, in current version there are two types: directional light and point light
- Movable camera
- Materials on primitives with diffuse color, specular and reflective factors
- Configuration and rendered input readable from file in *.json format
- Output is written to *.ppm file format

More features are to come in next versions which will be released soon.

# Screenshots

![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/QeoX2Ab.png)
![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/H9zNJkg.png)

# TODO

- Optimization
- More primitive types
- Lights with colors
- Textures
- Antialiasing (with supersampling for example)
- Randomized rays reflections for more realistic effect (simulating rough surfaces)
- Transparency and light rays refraction
- Optional support for constructive solid geometry

# Licence

The RaytracaH is released under version 2.0 of the [Apache License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Commit message:

Build instructions added to readme.

README.md, after:

# RaytracaH

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/rafalnowak/RaytracaH.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/rafalnowak/RaytracaH) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rafalnowak/RaytracaH.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rafalnowak/RaytracaH)

RaytracaH is ray tracer written in Haskell using functional approach.
Current version is in very early stage and more features are to come soon.

# Features

- Ray tracing scene with simple shapes (for now only sphere and plane are implemented)
- Different types of lights on the scene, in current version there are two types: directional light and point light
- Movable camera
- Materials on primitives with diffuse color, specular and reflective factors
- Configuration and rendered input readable from file in *.json format
- Output is written to *.ppm file format

More features are to come in next versions which will be released soon.

# Screenshots

![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/QeoX2Ab.png)
![Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/H9zNJkg.png)

# Usage

RaytracaH uses **stack** as project build tool. To build and run it you will need to have latest version of stack installed in your system.
For now, running ray tracer is possible through small demo app in Main package. It takes configuration and scene files as input from conf/ directory and produces output to default localization.
Feel free to play with demo's code.
In one of next versions RaytracaH will be available as a library.

# TODO

- Optimization
- More primitive types
- Lights with colors
- Textures
- Antialiasing (with supersampling for example)
- Randomized rays reflections for more realistic effect (simulating rough surfaces)
- Transparency and light rays refraction
- Optional support for constructive solid geometry

# Licence

The RaytracaH is released under version 2.0 of the [Apache License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
